= Pebbledash - Grit, but a little nicer!

* http://github.com/undecided/pebbledash

== DESCRIPTION:

Pebbledash is all about simplicity. You use pebbledash much like you would use
git, except you get things back in a slightly nicer format.

All the hard work was done in Grit (http://github.com/mojombo/grit or a
fork thereof) but I wanted something űber simple, that at least supports basic workflow


== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Not many features yet. We're working on it though...

== SYNOPSIS:

=== Short-term desired synopsis:

# These would retern a Pebbledash instance or throw an exception
@git = Pebbledash.clone('git://github.com/undecided/pebbledash.git')

@git = Pebbledash.init('folder') # Create a new git repository

@git = Pebbledash.new('dir') # Use one that's already checked out

# The usual commands:
@git.add('file1', 'file2') # Stage these files

@git.commit('My really descriptive message') # Add a message

@git.push


=== Longer-term desired synopsis:

@git = Pebbledash.new('dir', 'origin/master') # Throw exception if not a git

@git.log([flexible parameters])


=== Acheived Synopsis:

None of the above!!


== REQUIREMENTS:

* Some kind of grit

== INSTALL:

* Gem from github? Maybe?

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Matthew Bennett

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
